Add WAF Bundle example (#3656)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/app-protect-waf/configuration.md

You can enable and configure NGINX App Protect WAF on the Custom Resources (VirtualServer, VirtualServerRoute) or on the Ingress-resource basis.

> To configure NGINX App Protect WAF on a VirtualServer resource, you would create a Policy Custom Resource referencing the APPolicy Custom Resource or APPolicy Bundle, and add this to the VirtualServer definition. See the documentation on the [App Protect WAF Policy](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/policy-resource/#waf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure NGINX App Protect WAF on a VirtualServer resource, create a Policy Custom Resource referencing the APPolicy Custom Resource or APPolicy Bundle, and add this to the VirtualServer definition. Additional information can be found in the [police resource documentation](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/policy-resource/#waf).
```
`APPolicy` reads really awkwardly to me; I want to change it to something else but I can't grok enough context to figure out if this is an "official" noun or not.

> To configure NGINX App Protect WAF on a VirtualServer resource, you would create a Policy Custom Resource referencing the `APPolicy` Custom Resource or `APPolicy` Bundle, and add this to the VirtualServer definition. Additional information can be found in the [police resource documentation](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/policy-resource/#waf).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure NGINX App Protect WAF on a VirtualServer resource, you would create a Policy Custom Resource referencing the `APPolicy` Custom Resource or `APPolicy` Bundle, and add this to the VirtualServer definition. Additional information can be found in the [Policy resource documentation](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/policy-resource/#waf).
```

  tag: Fruits
```

> ## App Proptect WAF Bundles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## App Protect WAF Bundles
```

You can define App Protect WAF bundles for VirtualServers by creating policy bundles and putting them on a mounted volume accessible from NGINX Ingress Controller.

For example, you can configure a policy by referencing generated WAF Policy Bundle:

> **Note**: Currently we do not support `securityLogs` for policy bundles.

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  name: <policy_name>
spec:
  waf:
    enable: true
    apBundle: "<policy_bundle_name>.tgz"
```

> > **Note**: Before applying policy, WAF Policy bundle must be created and put on the volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Before applying policy, WAF Policy bundle must be created, copied to a volume, and the volume must be mounted at /etc/nginx/waf/bundles/
```

> > **Note**: Before applying policy, WAF Policy bundle must be created, copied to a volume,  and the volume must be mounted to `/etc/nginx/waf/bundles`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Before applying the policy, a WAF Policy Bundle must be created, copied to a volume, and the volume must be mounted to `/etc/nginx/waf/bundles`.
```
